adding rum-cli-examples (#8984)
aws/aws-cli: awscli/examples/rum/put-rum-events.rst

**To send telemetry events about your application performance and user behavior to CloudWatch RUM**

> The following ``put-rum-events`` sends telemetry events about your application performance and user behavior to CloudWatch RUM. If the command succeeds, no output is returned. ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following ``put-rum-events`` example sends telemetry events about your application performance and user behavior to CloudWatch RUM. ::
```

> 	aws rum put-rum-events \

Reviewer: Same here. All of these indents need to be 4 spaces each and not tab indenting.
For more information: https://aws.github.io/aws-cli/docs_styleguide.html#general

> 		--app-monitor-details "{\"id\":\"r6fj89df-5rt3-55h6-9875-bg6c7uud94fg\",\"name\":\"MyWebApp\",\"version\":\"1.0.0\"}" \

Reviewer: Command examples need to follow standard unix-like quoting rules, where strings are surrounded by single quotes. With single quotes you no longer need to escape your double quotes, so it'll look similar to the following:

```suggestion
		--app-monitor-details '{"id":"r6fj89df-5rt3-55h6-9875-bg6c7uud94fg","name":"MyWebApp","version":"1.0.0"}' \
```

Be sure to fix all your command options following these quoting rules.

		--id "r6fj89df-5rt3-55h6-9875-bg6c7uud94fg" \
		--rum-events "[{\"details\":\"{\\\"version\\\":\\\"1.0.0\\\",\\\"targetUrl\\\":\\\"https://amazonaws.com\\\",\\\"initiatorType\\\":\\\"other\\\",\\\"startTime\\\":2838.7000000178814,\\\"duration\\\":257.7999999821186,\\\"transferSize\\\":496.0,\\\"fileType\\\":\\\"image\\\"}\",\"id\":\"r6fj89df-5rt3-55h6-9875-bg6c7uud94fg\",\"metadata\":\"{\\\"version\\\":\\\"1.0.0\\\",\\\"browserLanguage\\\":\\\"en-GB\\\",\\\"browserName\\\":\\\"Chrome\\\",\\\"browserVersion\\\":\\\"123.0.0.0\\\",\\\"osName\\\":\\\"Mac OS\\\",\\\"osVersion\\\":\\\"10.15.7\\\",\\\"deviceType\\\":\\\"desktop\\\",\\\"platformType\\\":\\\"web\\\",\\\"pageId\\\":\\\"/\\\",\\\"interaction\\\":0,\\\"title\\\":\\\"Simple HTML Website\\\",\\\"domain\\\":\\\"amazonaws.com\\\",\\\"aws:client\\\":\\\"arw-script\\\",\\\"aws:clientVersion\\\":\\\"1.16.1\\\",\\\"countryCode\\\":\\\"IN\\\",\\\"subdivisionCode\\\":\\\"KA\\\"}\",\"timestamp\":1712982698,\"type\":\"com.amazon.rum.performance_resource_event\"}]" \
		--user-details "{\"sessionId\":\"696bb1ce-f193-4240-be00-aeaf4c2a5614\",\"userId\":\"8b43f0t6-8ce7-5a1c-90d2-b1771h7a1bbb\"}"

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This command produces no output.

```
